[Music]
and I only do gardening live streams it
explodes in a thread about the airlands let's see
and what do you think about Cristinini and
Kaneko's withdrawal from the
presenter, Chris should be nominated,
then you and then neither and neither okay
Well I didn't even know about this, anyway, she didn't find
out. Luckily I found out
because the truth is that you told me in
the chat and I said Look before it gets complicated
because the same thing would have happened to me as
Cristinini, the same thing would have happened to me as Cristinini, I
probably would have been nominated and
despite the fact that I'm a bit of a caster, I would
n't have had much Bobby, you
know how the Seslan are and you know
how these kinds of things are and I say I'm
going to get ahead of myself, I'm going to get ahead of myself and go on
and this is from two hours ago It's not
because of anything of yours, no man Of course they're not
saying it for me, damn it, I didn't say anything, I
say I'm going to get ahead of
some Bobby and I'm withdrawing from the category
because Also, I think it's fair that
some caster wins it, okay So nothing
good  is that caneco premiered in topic
also people also get heated Let's
see I don't like being in this section let's
see let's
see
I don't like being in this section I think
it's an insult to the people who are
dedicated to this really I am not a caster
nor will I be one I only comment with my friend
[ __ ] that I think it's prettier not
only comment with my friend let's see is it
true necro is not caster guys necrono
is not Castel I would tell you that neither them nor to
this day I am a caster I would tell you not
sure I am not a caster either that's why I
retired I would love to win the
award because Also I of course have never been
nominated for the slam like Castel
because I already stopped casting but I think
friends that not even I am a caster apart from
negro and I comment on
our team's games So by the way He
won the challenge, I mean, see the survey
How did it turn out that I have not seen it but
because let's
see negro is not Castel because he
stands to the side and is like a commentator
who is to the side
but I was going there yes he is caster no
and goes and if he is cater no let's see  what Cristina says I do
n't really understand the tweet let's see if I
understand it let's see I'm so
calm Doing my things without getting into
anyone and the amount of insults I
'm receiving for the
catcher nomination for the links is brutal she's
losing her [ __ ] mind Oh okay
they're insulting her because people don't
want her to be nominated already but oh well
if they voted for it [ __ ] if you're there because they
voted for her No I'm not Castel I'm a
presenter I don't even know if I'm
nominated or not Or what's going on with the
eslam because I'm involved in other things and I
'm very out of everything I'm going my own
way I've never asked anyone to
vote for me or nominate me for anything I have to
interrupt my recording today to
come out and say that you
leave me alone I have nothing
to do with the awards I haven't asked for
anything I don't want anything I just want to be
calm I don't even know who is
or isn't in the enlam I don't understand
why there are hundreds of people
complaining to me that something  as if I
owed her my life I'm calmly doing my
things working and you've dedicated the
whole night to insulting me without me opening my
mouth It's that this is incredible and
obviously voting for people who are in the
category to cater Not me but it's that I have to come
out now to say this
anyway Thank you for reading me
Ah look they have made peace DJ Mario no Let's
see it's that really if she wants to
leave then she leaves and that's it
if she wants to leave then she's
eliminated from those 10 and that's it
Okay but I don't understand I mean it was so
insulting they are insulting her after
having nominated her I am
very tender I am very tender I am very tender I am very tender I am
very tender
you know the laws
[Music]